[Music]
hi hello welcome back to another video I
hope you didn't really good I hope
you're safe and well a moment in today's
video it's gonna be a different one that
I'm going to be doing my evening
self-care routine I've had a couple of
just like Daedra I've just not felt like
myself and just I don't even know why I
can't really put my finger on it there's
obviously a lot going on right now I've
had some news last week and I was just
sort of like having to overcome and
adapt and I think we're all in the exact
same boat you know everyone is taking
these different ways and expecting them
effecting each person completely
differently but I'm not going to dwell
on that I want this to be like a
relaxing uplifting kind of video and if
you're feeling the same way then you
know you could try some of these things
as well
I'm going to go through some of like my
pick me ups which I usually do and I
don't have a routine for this kind of
thing I just do sort of like what I feel
so this is going to be like a mixture of
some art pampering and I'm just gonna
take I'm just going to take you through
what I get up to this evening so it's my
rest day today I'm not like doing any
like workouts of search and I went on a
bit of a walk just to like clean my head
earlier which is really nice and so
helpful
I always like to either listen to and I
uplifting podcast or and YouTube someone
that I really like that is super helpful
especially if you're feeling a bit
overwhelmed like you've passed few days
that's the main thing that I could
describe just felt overwhelmed I found
like just take myself for a little walk
on my own with my headphones is super
helpful like this Netflix doesn't even
help like I just can't even get into
like a program or a movie if I'm feeling
super stressed so what I'm going to do
now is like a yoga stretch only 10
minutes and I'm just going to in my
living room I'll put it on like the TV
on YouTube and that is what I'm going to
start with I'm going to do a voiceover
for this video and before we get started
into it I'd appreciate it if you could
hit a like on this video and subscribe
if you aren't already and we'll go ahead
so I'm just drawing the curtains and I'm
having a little date with myself
and a high as well thinks it's hilarious
when I start doing stuff in here you're
talking you tired I absolutely love
lighting some candles you know sentenced
her making things feel super relaxing
and this is like a vanilla and coconut
one which smells amazing and then I just
grow into YouTube and type in like even
in yoga I really really like yoga with
Cassandra so that's the one I've gone
for today a stretch and relax
I have only started doing this recently
I've noticed such a huge difference
because when I get stressed or like
anxious I really feel it sort of in my
shoulders and this is just like a
massive release and I always feel a lot
more relaxed afterwards so I'd really
recommend giving this a try and and it's
super easy like it's not difficult you
know you can just go at your own pace as
well which is really nice I felt like
I've been a lot more positive like in
every aspect of my life like since I
started taking that bit of extra time
even if it's just a few minutes every
day just to stop tuning with how
actually feeling
so I've just finished do Oh
gloat I don't want this glows on my
cheek right now I have just finished
doing that yoga stretch and oh my
goodness if you haven't charged over it
it's like the nicest most biggest
release after you've done it like I kind
of sometimes put it off but I always
know I always feel so much better
afterwards and it's just like stretching
out or you're not so I'll leave a link
to that down below for you to try ever
I'd really recommend it but let me know
as well how are you getting on if you
enjoy it and stir next part is I'm just
going to like clear my entire space down
here so that I can have a relaxing
evening because I know for sure if I
have got like the washing horse out with
all like my clothes drying or things
like that and just like it's not free
then I just can't I find it harder to
relax I always recommend if you're
having like a real chill night just you
know sort out all your stress so it's
just so organized and a nice space to be
so the next thing I'm doing is ruining
myself a long hot shower and I'm going
to screw off all my town wash my hair I
almost feel absolutely new ball and
after this it's the best feeling
stepping out of there so I've been
loving these shear moisture sulfate free
shampoo it's just a black castor oil one
I use my medium silver as I've got one
bit it's a black blonde in the hair so
that's just like a toner and then this
is a really really nice she but a
restorative conditioner and then I've
been really liking this anti stress like
body rock shrewd of and just nice and
calm oyster Eisen and then tannin is an
absolute must on your self-care days
like I always feel so much leaner so
it's better evens up one side of town so
I'm tallying my whole entire soul right
now then I'm putting on my favorite silk
dramas these honestly feel heavenly on
your skin so there we go on my procedure
think pajamas these are the companies
things
ever I absolutely love wearing silk it
fit so nice on your skin I freshly
turned my head still in bandana I've
washed that red she's so clean I look
he's come up the monkey so I'm now going
to put on some deodorant now this is a
little hack that I've mentioned in one
of my tanning videos but if you spray
your body after you've turned it stops
it going off sticky that's what about
[Music]
I'm going it's haunted her feet this is
really nice my skincare routine not the
most glamorous happen on accutane which
is really dry and so that's why we've
got the p45 wiped out but I've been
really liking this like water-based
moisturizer on my face it's really like
nourishing and feels lovely so I'm gonna
pop some of that on my face and then on
my dry patches like elbows knees and
stuff but looking really actually gonna
put some a 45 and if you saw at my
Amazon haul I've been loving this Castro
I just put like the tiniest bit on my
eyebrows and I found it really good so
[Music]
okay I just used this coconut oil spray
before I brush my hair through and then
just a tangle teezer
whilst it's wet and then afterwards I
just put this cat work cut wood catwalk
curls rock amplifier and I just sort of
like scrunch all the hair together and
then in the end I just put some oil just
to stop quite dryness and breakages
[Music]
Oh obviously because we can't leave the
house at the moment look at this J of my
nails these deaths where it needs to
come off so I ordered some acetone off
Amazon to soak my nails off a mini some
like tinfoil and then then I've got this
UV lamp off Amazon and which I was
really glad to get my hands on it came
next day and I've got a nail kit here so
we're gonna have a little pamper sort
these awful nails out my name is so
short underneath so not ideal and then
I've just got this gel like hair a nude
kind of polish I'm gonna put on my toe
[Music]
she's been looking at how to remove them
and I should not turn them down and then
I'm gonna pop them in acetone like right
here are the D acrylic nail so this
actually wasn't too bad I have zero
patience for doing my nails and because
when I was so sure I just don't really
like that I'm really going to miss
having like acrylic nails and may try
doing them myself but I don't think I'd
be able to do my right hand that well
but I really liked this like new to
color and just like playing and neutral
even a friend decided to no I'm gonna
order my favorite taker which is an
Indian so that's what we understand the
measures no got feast and we're just
about to watch oh that smarts it
favorite food Indian so I went for lamb
biryani chicken tikka masala and they
said I just that makes much dish
really hope you enjoyed this video do
let me know if you've got any like video
ideas or suggestions at the moment in
the comments down below and I'll reply
to those and get some of those filled
for you if you haven't already don't
forget to subscribe and join the fam and
I'll see you guys in the next video